ACD-502 (#26)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: DataHub/UserInterface/02a_Attributes.md

- [EDIT]   
  Click this button to edit the selected attribute. This button is only displayed if the checkbox of an attribute is selected. Alternatively, you can click directly a row in the list to edit an attribute.   
  For detailed information, see [Edit an attribute](../Integration/01_ManageAttributes.md#edit-an-attribute).

- [DELETE]   
  Click this button to delete the selected attribute. This button is only displayed if the checkbox of an attribute is selected.       
  For detailed information, see [Delete an attribute](../Integration/01_ManageAttributes.md#delete-an-attribute).

The list displays all attributes. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Name*   
  Attribute name.

- *Status*   
  Attribute status. The following statuses are available:
  - ![Status](../../Assets/Icons/Status01.png "[Status]") **Active**
  - ![Status](../../Assets/Icons/Status04.png "[Status]") **Inactive**   

- *Group*   
  Attribute group assigned to the attribute. If the attribute is not assigned to any attribute group, *not assigned* is displayed.

> 

Reviewer: Attribute group assigned to the attribute oder Attribute group to which the attribute is assigned? 
Oder ist es das gleiche?

- *Key*   
  Attribute key.

- *Data type*   
  Attribute data type.   
  For detailed information about all data types, see [Data type list](./04_DataTypeList.md).

- *Description*   

>   Description to the attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Attribute description.
```

- *Multi-language*   
  Indication whether the attribute is multi-language or not:
  - ![Check](../../Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Check]") (Checkmark): The attribute is multi-language.  
  - ![Cross](../../Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cross]") (Cross): The attribute is single language.

- *Multi-channel*   
  Indication whether the attribute is multi-channel or not:
  - ![Check](../../Assets/Icons/Check.png "[Check]") (Checkmark): The attribute is multi-channel.  
  - ![Cross](../../Assets/Icons/Cross02.png "[Cross]") (Cross): The attribute is single channel.

- *Plugin*   
  Module or plugin that owns the attribute.

- *ID*   
  Attribute identification number. The ID number is automatically assigned by the system.

- *Modified on*   
  Date and time of the last modification.

- *Modified by*   
  Name and username of the user who modified the attribute.

- *Created on*   
  Date and time of the creation.

- *Created by*   
  Name and username of the user who created the attribute.

- *Name (Language)*   
  Attribute name in the selected language. A single column is displayed for the system languages *English (United States)* and *Deutsch (Deutschland)*.

> 

Reviewer: "A single column..." finde ich hier verwirrend, denn es wird eine Spalte pro Sprache angezeigt (es ist möglich, auch beide Sprachen, also zwei Spalten, anzuzeigen). Oder wie es das gemeint?

- *Description (Language)*   
  Attribute description in the selected language. A single column is displayed for the system languages *English (United States)* and *Deutsch (Deutschland)*.

> 

Reviewer: S.o. "Single column"

- ![Add](../../Assets/Icons/Plus01.png "[Add]") (Add)   
  Click this button to create an attribute. The *Create attribute* view is displayed.   

## Create attribute

*DataHub > Settings > Tab ATTRIBUTES > Button Add*

![Create attribute](../../Assets/Screenshots/DataHub/Settings/Attributes/CreateAttribute.png "[Create attribute]")

**Create attribute**

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   

>   Click this button to close the *Create attribute* view and return to the attributes list. All changes are rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Click this button to close the *Create attribute* view and return to the attribute list. All changes are rejected.
```
Vgl. Header oben Attribute list -> Das haben wir mit allen Listen wahrscheinlich (attributes / attribute list = list of attributes). Also, singular oder plural, wenn vor dem Namen?

- Language   
  Click the drop-down list and select the language in which the *Name (Language)* and *Description (Language)* fields are displayed. By default, the following options are available:
  - **English (United States)**
  - **Deutsch (Deutschland)**

- [SAVE]   
  Click this button to save the attribute. The *Create attribute* view is closed.

**BASIC DATA**

- *Name (Language)*   
  Enter an attribute name in the selected language.

- *Description (Language)*   

>   Enter a description to the attribute in the selected language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enter an attribute description in the selected language.
```

  - ![Delete](../../Assets/Icons/Trash01.png "[Delete]") (Delete)   
    Click this button to delete the corresponding attribute set.

  > [Info] If you do not assign the attribute to an attribute set at this point, you will have to do it afterwards in the corresponding attribute set(s), see [Add an attribute to the set](../Integration/02_ManageAttributeSets.md#add-an-attribute-to-the-set).

**CONFIGURATION**

The *CONFIGURATION* section displays the additional configuration for the selected data type. The configuration fields differ depending on the selected data type.    
As some data types have no further configuration settings, no *CONFIGURATION* section is displayed for these data types.   
For detailed information about the different configurations of data types, see [Data type list](./04_DataTypeList.md).

## Edit attribute

*DataHub > Settings > Tab ATTRIBUTES > Select attribute > Tab Data*

![Edit attribute](../../Assets/Screenshots/DataHub/Settings/Attributes/EditAttribute.png "[Edit attribute]")

**Edit attribute**

- ![Back](../../Assets/Icons/Back02.png "[Back]") (Back)   

>   Click this button to close the *Edit attribute* view and return to the attributes list. All changes are rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Click this button to close the *Edit attribute* view and return to the attribute list. All changes are rejected.
```

As some data types have no further configuration settings, no *CONFIGURATION* section is displayed for these data types.     
For detailed information about the different configurations of data types, see [Data type list](./04_DataTypeList.md).

### Edit attribute &ndash; Attribute set assignments

*DataHub > Settings > Tab ATTRIBUTES > Select attribute > Tab Attribute set assignments*

![Attribute set assignments](../../Assets/Screenshots/DataHub/Settings/Attributes/EditAttribute_Assignments.png "[Attribute set assignments]")

**Attribute set assignments**

- ![Refresh](../../Assets/Icons/Refresh01.png "[Refresh]") (Refresh)   
  Click this button to update the list of attributes.

- ![Columns](../../Assets/Icons/Columns.png "[Columns]") Columns (x)   
  Click this button to display the columns bar and customize the displayed columns and the order of columns in the list. The *x* indicates the number of columns that are currently displayed in the list.

The list displays all attributes. Depending on the settings, the displayed columns may vary. All fields are read-only.

- *Attribute set*   
  Assigned attribute set.

- *Required*   

>   Indication whether the attribute is an required field in the attribute set or not:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Indication whether the attribute is a required field in the attribute set or not:
```
